I feel like that happened later on, not right
from the beginning.
It was the time in our queer community history
where it wasn’t taken for granted that trans
people would be part of who is included.
That it was called the “Pussy” Palace
to start with…
Like, I already didn’t really feel connected
to that myself, but it was just understood
as sort of the queer women’s aesthetic.
Like, cats are cool, and pussy is how we talk
about sexy things.
So, that already has a very specific to flavour
to it.
We had discussions of: How do we do trans
inclusive, women-specific spaces?
And how do we talk about this?
How do we talk about a space that basically
is saying, if you’re a cis-man, then you
shouldn’t come, but anybody else, really,
is welcome?